Doc Fix : azurerm_subnet - Add note to address_prefixes that "AllowMultipleAddressPrefixesOnSubnet" is currently not supported (#17109)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/subnet.html.markdown

* `address_prefixes` - (Required) The address prefixes to use for the subnet.

> -> **NOTE:** The feature of `AllowMultipleAddressPrefixesOnSubnet` is not available for public as of now, so `address_prefixes` only supports setting one address prefix. 

Reviewer: could we fix the grammar for this?
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** Currently only a single address prefix can be set as the [Multiple Subnet Address Prefixes Feature](put-a-url-to-something-describing-it) is not yet in public preview or general availability.
```

Author: Thank you. Fixed.
